User's Manual for Our Chinese Word Segmentation System
Foreword:
  This is a system used to give segmentation to Chinese texts.
It supports files with txt format(Coded in utf-8 or gbk) and 
texts entered manually. Generally there are 2 ways to operate
the system¡ª¡ªone by buttons on the interface, one by choices
on the menu. We will talk about these 2 ways later.
¢ñ.The use of buttons on the interface
1.The main UI
¢ÙGive segmentation to a file
  The click of this button leads to a subwindow to perform 
segmentation. Both the input and the output are files, and
you will be asked about their paths. 
¢ÚGive segmentation to sentences
  The click of this button also leads to a subwindow to 
perform segmentation. There will be a textbox for you to 
enter the text, and the result can be given in string format
or stored in a file.
¢ÛAdd new words to the lexicon
  The click of this button leads to a subwindow that allows
you to add new words to the lexicon.
¢ÜAdd general service word
  The click of this button leads to a subwindow that allows
you to set general service words yourself.
¢ÝCopyright information
  The click of this button leads to a subwindow that shows
copyright information about us.
¢ÞExit
  Click this button to exit the system.
2.subUI of Give segmentation to a file
  You can enter the path in the entry or use the button right
to the entry to select a file path. Click OK to continue,
click Return to go back to the main UI.
3.subUI of Give segmentation to sentences
  You can enter the text in the textbox given. Then click OK 
and 2 more buttons will appear. You can choose one sentence in
the text and then click Give segmentation to this sentence.
After this you will see the result, meanwhile you can choose
to add some new words to the lexicon according to our result.
If you click Give segmentation to this sentence, you will be
asked to choose a path to save the segmentation result of all
the text entered.
4.subUI of Add new words to the lexicon
  You can enter the word you would like to add to the lexicon
in the entry and click OK, then you will be asked to choose 
frequency of the word.
5.subUI of Add general service word
  You can set general service words here by entering the word
and click OK button.
¢ò.The menu
1.filemenu
¢ÙOpen
  If you click Open, you can choose the path of the file
and the text in this file will be shown in the subUI of Give 
segmentation to sentences. Then you can perform operations on
it.
¢ÚGet filepath
  If you click Get filepath, you can choose the path of the 
file and turn to the subUI of Give segmentation to a file to
continue operations.
2.Lexicon
¢ÙAdd new word
  If you click Add new word, a subUI for adding new words to
the lexicon will show up.
¢ÚAdd general service word
  If you click Add general service word, a subUI for settting
general service word will show up.
3.Segmentation
¢ÙSegmentation to a file
  If you click Segmentation to a file, a subUI for giving 
segmentation to a file will show up.
¢ÚSegmentation to sentences
  If you click Segmentation to sentences, a subUI for giving
segmentation to texts will show up.
4.Help
¢ÙCopyright information
  If you click Copyright information, a subUI of copyright 
information will show up.
¢ÚManual 
  This choice leads to this manual.